Add a note to the book (#1331)
gtk-rs/gtk4-rs: book/src/composite_templates.md

```

Then we have to bind the template callbacks with [`bind_template_callbacks`](../docs/gtk4/subclass/widget/trait.CompositeTemplateCallbacksClass.html#tymethod.bind_template_callbacks).

> We also need to remove the `button` clicked callback implemented in `window/imp.rs` for this callback to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also need to remove the `button.connect_clicked` callback implemented in `window/imp.rs`.
```
